new concept: the-farm - issue 1374 (#1423)
exercism/go: concepts/errors-handling/introduction.md

# Introduction

> In Go, errors must be the last value returned in a multiple returns function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Go, errors are by convention the last value returned in a multiple returns function.
```
While I agree that "must" conveys the importance of this, I think it's more accurate to state that it's a convention rather than something that is, for example, enforced by the compiler :)

> Always return the default value for the type, if returning an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always return the zero value for the type, if returning an error:
```
Possibly link to the [relevant sections](https://golang.org/ref/spec#The_zero_value) in the language specification as well if inline links are allowed in concept bodies.

```go
func Foo() (int, error) {
  // Ok!
  return 0, errors.New("Error")

  // Don't
  return 10, errors.New("Error")
}
```

When no errors have to be returned, return `nil`:

```go
func Foo() (int, error) {
  return 10, nil
}
```

Errors can be checked against `nil`:

```go
file, err := os.Open("./users.csv")
if err != nil {
    // do something with err
    return // or continue
}
// do something with file
```

It is best practise to stop the execution when an error is encountered rather
than using `else`. The example below shows a bad practice:

```go
file, err := os.Open("./users.csv")
if err != nil {

>   // do something wit err

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // do something with err
```

} else {
  // do something with file
}

> ```

Reviewer: It might be worth showing example of the good practice here. The obvious example is to return (the error) when there's an error:

```go
file, err := os.Open("./users.csv")
if err != nil {
  return err
}
// do something with file
```

Author: This shows a bad practice, since the expected one is the example just before this one.

## Scope of error

In Go, it is also a best practice to avoid declaring variables in a scope if

> these are not required later.

Reviewer: Might this be a slightly clearer way to put this? 
> In Go, it is considered best practice to restrict variables declaration to scopes where they are used.

> For the sake of this example, we want to check for errors only:

Reviewer: > For the sake of this example, we want to check for errors only:

Would it be better, for simplicity's sake perhaps, to use a function that returns only an error in this example and avoid having to explain why we are not capturing the first return value? For example `os.Rename()`.

```go
_, err := os.Getwd()
if err != nil {
  return nil, err
}

> // at this point, err is still visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// err remains available here, even though it's not used or needed.
```

```

So this is the preferred way to consume this error:

```go
if _, err := os.Getwd(); err != nil {

>   return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return nil, err
```

}

> // err is now out of this scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// err is not in-scope here
```
